Hello guys and welcome to another episode today. I'm here with Andrew and  We're going to be doing some dialogues to help you with your English and we're going to be having a few drinks while we do  These dialogues so cheers  So today we're going to be doing a dialogue on the topic of a holiday in Scotland  We're both looking to go for a fortnight's holiday in Scotland  And I think that the best idea is to go for a packaged holiday  So that means going through agency through an agency for an agency. I want to go for an agency and Andrew  I want to do something more independent. I want to be a little bit more free  It's to say we're going to play it by ear if you have a look here and  Here you should see the information that both of us have  You  So Andrew I'm really excited about this holiday you've been working really hard this year, and I think we really need some time off  Yeah, I think it's going to be a good time  And I think it's definitely something that we both deserve and we both need now  I was thinking the best idea would be to hire a car and  Drive around Scotland. What do you think look?  I'm not particularly keen on that to be honest  I mean I have been working all year really hard the last thing I want to do during a holiday is work more  Why don't we just go to an agency and let them organize it because I prefer to  Play it by ear because if we play it by ear  Then we can decide what we want to do on the day that we want to do it  Whereas if an agency does it perhaps we're going to be signed up to doing tours and things that we don't want to do  I agree with you, but to be honest. I think the agency knows what they're doing. They can give us good advice  they can tell us the best places to visit and  Driving on the left side of the road is going to be complicated and confusing  Okay, however if we really want to get good information the best place to get it is from the locals themselves  So for driving around we could stay in for example  Airbnbs or bed-and-breakfast and  There we can get a whole book of information from the people who actually live in the area the the locals themselves  Yeah, I'll see where you're coming from  But surely if we go with an agency then they can plan everything for us  and we don't need to speak to locals in that situation and  Also, have you thought about the price of petrol if we hire a car the price of petrol in Britain is quite expensive  But you also have to remember that these agencies include the price of petrol in the package  So really we're gonna have to pay for the price of petrol one way or another  Because with an agency like what do you expect to take a bus or yeah?  That's what I was thinking that we'd be driven around by a coach by a coach  Okay, so we are going to be limited to one extent or another  Yeah, I mean we pretty much go where the coach takes us  We wouldn't have the freedom obviously that we would have with a car. So yeah, I'm not down for that  I'm up for being free or having the freedom to do what we want when we want and a coach is not going to give us that  Freedom, but also I think that if we're looking for bed and breakfasts every night if we're driving around  I've done that before you're driving around and it starts to get late  You're looking for a bed and breakfast in the middle of nowhere. It can be a bit stressful  Okay, but there's loads of information for our bed and breakfast on the internet  So we could easily find it on the internet plan that out  So get the information from the locals and we'll stay in real Scottish homes, you know have the authentic experience  Listen, I mean, I'm not particularly sure about that because if we find specific places on the map where there are bed and breakfasts  What if we pass those places and it's like five o'clock or four o'clock and we still want to continue with the journey  Okay, I can see what you're saying. There would be a limitation in that sense. However, what we could do is if we're at that spot  I mean we just use the internet on our phones and see if there's anything up ahead if there isn't then we'll have to say  All right. That's fine. We'll stay here. Maybe go for a nice walk somewhere and  If there is a place up ahead then we can continue on driving and stay there. Okay, that's true  I mean there is free roaming around Europe now on mobile phones  So that's right. We'll have the internet on our phones if we go to to Scotland  Okay, so look I'm okay with the whole  Hiring a car and doing things our own way, but I'm not keen on driving. So would you be happy to drive? Yeah  Yeah, I'm all right. Have you driven on the left side before I have yeah  I lived in Australia for like a year and a half driving around there. So alright, so I mean look  I'm happy to do this this time. Yeah next time I'd like to try out a package toilet if that's okay with you  I'll give it some thought. All right, let's do that. Cool. All right. Cheers  You